
A interesting computing device I would like to discuss is a pen that would act as tracking device, a camera , a voice recorder, and a note taker, and email writer. Baically a internet connect device that would retrieve all your emails, voice mails, text messages, and tells time. And it is able to project images to screens and etc. Imagine a device that would be a walking, talking, and map assisted , voice assisted device. It can be a translator ,  image capture, a voice deipher, and able to plug into USB-C devices to act as harddrive, a mobile OS, and uses IR technolgy to control other internet devices. 

Obviously the network would be wireless that would be able to connect via internet, bluetooth, short range signals with the speed of a wireless gaming mouse or keyboard . We would have to handle different transfer protocols such as TCP/IP, short wave length communication. We would need to be able to at least connect to routers, CPUS, tvs, and other internet devices. We would need to parse the incoming data as streams, yet have to be able to decipher which is which, which stream belongs to us and if our communication stack can handle these communcation tools. 

The needs to be able to figure how to talk to other devices and vica versa, is it just a single linked device or a device that can communicate with multiple devices at the same and vica versa.

The pen would have to figure out what is what, that is coming in , and how to properly handle all those different information, how does the pen handle email, how does the pen handle sms, how does the pen handle commands coming from the user, how does the pen handle taking pictures and transfering all these data to the correct receiver. And how does the pen handle projection to other devices, is it though their OS like mirroring or is it though laser, or though voice. How does the pen handle output bandwidth and the way the bandwidth is delivered. And how does the pen handle displaying the correct data when there exist constant data coming though. 

The pen must respond to all these data from input to output very fast, there shouldn't really be any lagging. And the pen must be able to keep track all the data that is coming and going from its device. 

The pen must have a powerful processor inside however due to size of this pen, the processor needs to small in form factor, and also emit less heat, and have a long battery life. The OS would be something needs to be able to work with OSs, something like a TVos or even more powerful a semi-linux device that would have a embedded version of everything a desktop can do. 
